README.md, before:

# Configs

Personalised config files.

## i3 Window Manager
Direction key mappings vimified
  S-F1 gvim
  S-F2 firefox
  S-F3 thunderbird

## vimrc
Plugin choice is now fairly stable, may add 'fugitive' git capabilities.
  Vundle.vim
  vdebug
  base16-vim
  tagbar
  ack.vim
  undotree
  nerdtree.git
  vim-signature
  vim-surround
  vim-airline
  nerdcommenter
  vim-easymotion
  ultisnips
  ctrlp.vim
  syntastic
  neocomplete.vim
  vim-fugitive
  vim-snippets

### Plugin Installation
1. if using a Debian based distro, install vim-nox to provide scripting language support, namely lua and python
2. install 'php code sniffer' (phpcs) and 'php mess detector' (phpmd)
3. move vimrc to ~/.vim/vimrc
4. create a symlink to vimrc "ln -s ~/.vim/vimrc ~/.vimrc".
5. get base16-shell and add a line to .bashrc to run your preferred script in base16-shell/scripts
6. check vim has python :echo has('python') should be 1 for your default user (may need to try 'python2' or 'python3')
7. mkdir .vim/swapfiles and .vim/backupdir
8. install vundle (git clone https://github.com/VundleVim/Vundle.vim.git ~/.vim/bundle/Vundle.vim)
9. start vim and do :PluginInstall

Commit message:

debian phpmd needs php xml extension, note added
 Php 7 needs php7.1-xml or similar

README.md, after:

# Configs

Personalised config files.

## i3 Window Manager
Direction key mappings vimified
  S-F1 gvim
  S-F2 firefox
  S-F3 thunderbird

## vimrc
Plugin choice is now fairly stable, may add 'fugitive' git capabilities.
  Vundle.vim
  vdebug
  base16-vim
  tagbar
  ack.vim
  undotree
  nerdtree.git
  vim-signature
  vim-surround
  vim-airline
  nerdcommenter
  vim-easymotion
  ultisnips
  ctrlp.vim
  syntastic
  neocomplete.vim
  vim-fugitive
  vim-snippets

### Plugin Installation
1. if using a Debian based distro, install vim-nox to provide scripting language support, namely lua and python
2. install 'php code sniffer' (phpcs) and 'php mess detector' (phpmd) - debian php7 may need to install php7.1-xml or similar for phpmd
3. move vimrc to ~/.vim/vimrc
4. create a symlink to vimrc "ln -s ~/.vim/vimrc ~/.vimrc".
5. get base16-shell and add a line to .bashrc to run your preferred script in base16-shell/scripts
6. check vim has python :echo has('python') should be 1 for your default user (may need to try 'python2' or 'python3')
7. mkdir .vim/swapfiles and .vim/backupdir
8. install vundle (git clone https://github.com/VundleVim/Vundle.vim.git ~/.vim/bundle/Vundle.vim)
9. start vim and do :PluginInstall
